260 documentation for wi fi enabled application (#261)
house-of-abbey/GarminHomeAssistant: Wi-Fi.md

With version 3.0 onwards the application now includes the ability to temporarily turn on Wi-Fi or LTE in order to perform a task on the watch. To do this, the "synchronise" function of the Connect IQ SDK has been cleverly hijacked. This appears to be a highly sought after solution from several users as **it allows the watch to operate when out of range of the associated phone**.

## Limits of Use

> 1. An API request issued over Wi-Fi requires the watch to open up an IP connection to your Wi-Fi access point. This means setting up a secure channel with WPA and being allocated an IP address. Establishing the communication channel takes a short while. _You will see that this adds a noticeable delay to useability._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. An API request issued over Wi-Fi requires the watch to open up an IP connection to your Wi-Fi access point. This means setting up a secure channel with WPA and being allocated an IP address. Establishing the communication channel takes a short while. _You will see that this adds a noticeable delay to usability._
```

> 2. **This new function can only be used when the menu is already cached.** _The watch will not perform an HTTPS GET request to retrieve the JSON menu file_. You will not be able to turn on the Wi-Fi/LTE connection option in the application settings if the menu is not cached (or at least set to be cached in due course).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **The Wi-Fi/LTE functionality can only be used when the menu is already cached.** _The watch will not perform an HTTPS GET request to retrieve the JSON menu file_. Therefore, to enable the Wifi/LTE functionality in the application settings, you must enable caching first.
```

3. The menu item statuses will not be set correctly. Instead you will be warned about the lack of connectivity by a 'toast', i.e. message partially occupying the top of the screen temporarily. Fetching the menu item statuses, including rendered templates, requires its own API call, hence this not performed.

> 4. Do not forget you need to be within range of your watch's configured Wi-Fi access point to take advantage of this functionality. LTE is obviously longer range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Remember that you need to be within range of your watch's configured Wi-Fi access point to utilize this functionality. If supported by your device, LTE offers a longer range, but network charges may apply.
```

## Video

This video using will hopefully make it obvious how slow it is to use the Wi-Fi option and illustrate the cautionary notes above.

<video width="100%" controls style="max-width:250px">
  <source src="./images/wi-fi.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

> 

Reviewer: Maybe a closing parapraph like this would fit?
```
We emphasize that the Wi-Fi/LTE functionality should be viewed as a 'last resort' method for executing tasks when your phone is not available. It is not recommended as a continuous mode of operation.
```
